docs: correct references to destinations, workflows in legacy resources and more (#2685)
newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic: website/docs/r/notification_channel.html.markdown

That being said, importing is possible using -
```terraform import newrelic_notification_destination.foo <destination_id>```

## Moving from Legacy Alert Channels to Notification Channels

> More details about the channels API can be found [here](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/nerdgraph/examples/nerdgraph-api-notifications-channels).

Reviewer: Can you please restructure these lines in the following format:
- Restore **Additional Information** as a h2
- Move the "More details about the channels API can be found [here]...." line under the h2
- Add **Moving from Legacy Alert Channels to Notification Channels** as a h3 under the above line, which would contain all of the content we've added below this

> The [`newrelic_alert_channel`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/alert_channel) resource is deprecated and will be removed in the next major release. For managing channel resources in Workflows, use [`newrelic_notification_channel`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/notification_channel) with [`newrelic_notification_destination`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/notification_destination). This [`guide`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/guides/getting_started#add-a-notification-channel) will help you understand how to use the above mentioned new resources together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As described in the documentation of this resource, channels can be created and managed using [`newrelic_notification_destination`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/notification_destination) and [`newrelic_notification_channel`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/notification_channel). This is an alternative to the legacy resource [`newrelic_alert_channel`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/alert_channel), which is **deprecated** and will be **removed in a future major release**, as stated in the documentation of the resource.

If you're currently using `newrelic_alert_channel` to manage channels, we **strongly recommend** migrating to these notifications-based resources at the earliest. 

Please refer to the examples in this page, or [this example](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/guides/getting_started#add-a-notification-channel) for illustrations on setting up channels with these resources.
```
